Start on Payments Reconciliation.
p02
This is the settlement ledger, one row per batch.
p03
Expected is what the day should have banked.
p04
Settled is what the processor actually deposited.
p05
Variance is the gap between the two.
p06
Read those three columns and the whole page makes sense.
p07
Now the status column.
p08
Fort Lauderdale and Orlando Central settled exactly what they expected, so they read balanced.
p09
Miami North came up a hundred sixty dollars short:
p10
expected fourteen thousand, eight hundred eighty,
p11
settled fourteen thousand, seven hundred twenty.
p12
That nonzero gap flags it for review.
p13
The review row is the one you work.
p14
With more than a few batches, narrow the list.
p15
Search by batch, location, or status,
p16
or sort straight on the variance column to pull the gaps to the top.
p17
Nothing here touches a batch.
p18
You're only deciding which one to chase.
p19
Top-right of the panel, find Resolve batch.
p20
That's the control a supervisor uses to close out a review batch.
p21
You locate it and stop.
p22
Working it, and running any refund, happens in production with the right role.
p23
Never from this demo.
p24
Before you leave the ledger, decide what to chase.
p25
A settlement gap is usually one of two things at that site:
p26
the drawer came up over or short, or cash was paid out and never banked.
p27
Carry the location to both checks.
p28
There's no date column here, so location is the join,
p29
and a shift number ties a payout back to its drawer.
p30
First the drawer. In Sales, open Shifts.
p31
Every drawer session lists out:
p32
shift number, location, terminal,
p33
when it opened and closed, and the opening and closing drawer.
p34
Those last two are where an over or short shows up for the day.
p35
Filter to the batch's location and read them.
p36
One caution from today's capture.
p37
The list came back empty with a fetch error, and the total-shifts count was blank.
p38
Don't read that as no shifts.
p39
Confirm the data actually loaded before you tell anyone the drawer was clean.
p40
Now the cash side. Open Payouts.
p41
Each row shows the location, payout ID, shift number, cashier, terminal, vendor, and amount.
p42
A payout links to a drawer by its shift number,
p43
so cash pulled for a vendor explains part of a gap with nothing actually missing.
p44
Read the payout status card.
p45
It says approval and dispute status aren't tracked here;
p46
payouts records completed disbursements only.
p47
So this page confirms what went out, not whether it was approved.
p48
And today it too returned the fetch error, so treat the rows as unconfirmed until they load.
p49
Now build the ticket.
p50
Name the batch, B-T one-oh-three-ninety-three, and the location, Miami North.
p51
Give the three numbers:
p52
expected fourteen thousand, eight hundred eighty;
p53
settled fourteen thousand, seven hundred twenty;
p54
variance a hundred sixty.
p55
Mark it review, and say whether a drawer figure or a payout explains the gap.
p56
You never resolve the batch, and you never run a refund from demo.
p57
So that's the playbook.
p58
Read the ledger, find the review batch by its status and its variance,
p59
locate Resolve batch without touching it,
p60
then cross-check the location's shifts and payouts to explain the gap.
p61
Escalate with the batch and the amounts.
p62
You moved nothing.
p63
You found where the money went and passed it on.